WHAT WAS THE PROBLEM YOU WERE SOLVING IN THE PROJECTS FOR THIS COURSE?
The Problem I was solving was making a code to open a csv file from a Binary search tree , and the file contains computer science courses with prequisites. 
HOW DID YOU APPROACH THE PROBLEM?
I recapped on the sources provided in the module for cs300, alot of useful and helpful resources that enabled me t understand how the binary search tree works. Then I went branch out on other sources outside of the SNHU database. Stack Overflow is really helpful when explaining why certain errors accur in a code. I was able to profecciently take notes and adapt to get this project done.
HOW DID YOU OVERCOME ANY ROADBLOCKS YOU ENCOUNTERED WHILE GOING THROUGH THE ACTIVITIES OR PROJECT ?
YEs alot of link error codes and warnings were present when making this particuler code for this project. Parsing a .csv file is very new to me and it was challlenging at most. A comma seperated file was easy to make but to upload into a binary search tree or should say implement the tree to locate and open a csv file was tedious at most. 
HOW HAD YOUR WORK ON THIS PROJECT EXPANDED YOUR APPROACH TO DESIGNING SOFTWARE AND DEVELOPING PROGRAMS?
This project has shown me how imprtant it is to have a pseudocode or flowchart made before starting any projects. A layout or an outline of task that shows what the code is and how you are going to implement can be so beneficial in saving time. I learn that creating and debugging your code is a big part of the job, however; When you plan what kind of code you are going to make it will make a difference in the end
HOW WAS YOUR WORK ON THIS PROJECT EVOLVED THE WAY YOU WRITE PROGRAMS THAT ARE MAINTAINABLE, READABLE, AND ADAPTABLE?
Annotate every line and decribe what each line or section of your code does so that its easily readable. In ways that I evolved I started to examine what each line of my code does and if I had any errors present I would go back to that line and either reimplement or rephrase the code in a manor that works.  organizing my code is key in getting things done.
